The Flashphoto application is a graphic application. For a user who wants to
use the Flashphoto application, the user can double click the executable in
<directory to PROJ>/build/bin/ directory. The user can also input the directory
in terminal like <directory to PROJ>/build/bin/flashphoto to open the application.
The Flashphoto application has a GUI window called canvas that user can draw, open
images, apply filters and save the graph on canvas to a location. In Flashphoto,
there are seven tools and eight filters. Tools are Pen, Caligraphy Pen, Chalk,
Highlighter, Spray Can, Blur and Eraser. Filters are Blur Filter, Motion Blur Filter,
Sharpen Filter, Edge Detect Filter, Threshold Filter, Saturate Filter, Adjust R,G,B
Filter and Quantize Filter.
The pen tool is a pen which can be used to draw marks like a real pen. The caligraphy
pen tool is a special pen, which is called caligraphy pen. The chalk tool acts like
using a chalk on board. The highlighter tool works as a general highlighter. A spary can
tool works like a spray can, so the longer applying spray can to one spot, the darker
that spot will be. A blur tool is a specialized blur filter. A blur tool only blurs the
position that the mouse drags through. A eraser tool can erase all marks on canvas.
Use can open file through Open button and save file through Save button.
The Blur Filter is used to make the whole image blur. User can adjust the blur
amount. The Motion Blur Filter can blur the whole image in four directions. The four
directions are North-south, East-west, Northeast-Southwest and Northwest-Southeast.
The Sharpen Filter can sharpen the whole image. User can adjust the sharpen amount.
The Edge Detect Filter can print out the outline of the image. The Threshold Filter
can adjust the graph to black and white by a user input called cutoff value. All
pixel with a color data greater than the cutoff value will be turned to white. All
pixel with a color data smaller than the cutoff value will be turned to black. The
Saturate Filter can increase or decrease the colorfulness of the image. The Channels
Filter can independently scale up or down the intensity of each color channel (red,
green, and blue). So, this filter in application is called Adjust R,G,B. The Quantize
Filter will reduce the number of colors in the image by binning.
