The MIA application is a special version of Flashphoto. For a user who wants to
use the MIA application, the user has two different options. One option is that
the use can open a GUI window which is similar to the Flashphoto application.The
other option is that the user can use terminal input to apply filters to a certain
image and store the output. This version is called command line mode.
For the general version of MIA, a user can open it through double click the executable
file or input the command: <directory to PROJ>/build/bin/mia. This version is
slightly different from the usual Flashphoto version. In MIA, there are only two
tools and five filters. User can still Open and Save files. Tools are Mark and
Pen. Filters are Blur Filter, Sharpen Filter, Edge Detect Filter, Threshold
Filter and Quantize Filter. The mark tool is used to make a stamp (a circle with
a dot at the center) on the canvas. The pen tool is a pen which can be used to draw
marks like a real pen. The Blur Filter is used to make the whole image blur. User
can adjust the blur amount. The Sharpen Filter can sharpen the whole image. User
can adjust the sharpen amount. The Edge Detect Filter can print out the outline
of the image. The Threshold Filter can adjust the graph to black and white by a
user input called cutoff value. All pixel with a color data greater than the cutoff
value will be turned to white. All pixel with a color data smaller than the cutoff
value will be turned to black. The Quantize Filter will adjust the color with number
of bins.
For the command line mode of MIA, a user can use MIA through terminal. The user
can get helper message by the command: <directory to PROJ>/build/bin/mia -h. This
will print out all accepted command of MIA. All invalid command will also print
out the help message. Include input file and output file is necessary. When inputting
the name of the input file and output file, the file name should end with .png or
.PNG. Make sure the directory of the image is also included. Otherwise, unknown
error such as segmentation fault may occur. One example input is as follow:
./build/bin/mia ./resources/548.png -edgedetect -blur 5 ./out.png
